What's a movie to watch when you want a good cry?


My Girl. I watched it for the first time during class in high school and my teacher had to pass around a box of tissues. 

Fox and the Hound. I still can't finish that movie without becoming a mess.

The Land Before Time. I think we all know the scene.

Homeward Bound

Iron Giant. "Suuuperrrrmaaan"

50/50

Maybe more personal since I've had close experience with cancer and loss, but I can't even think without tearing up of that scene where he drives his friend's Jeep and then just lets out the rage. JGL sold that performance and then some.

Fuckin' Dumbo. I've recently started watching old Disney films again and I remember how awful they can be. At least Dumbo ends happy, but most of the film is pretty sad.  
  
The part where the mouse takes Dumbo to see his mum made me tear up big time. 

About Time. Don't let the fact that is a romantic comedy fool you. It will rip your heart to pieces

Stepmom... it’s ruthless 

Looking for a Friend for the End of the World.

Thought it was going to be a funny movie because of Steve Carrell but it's not.

Schindlers List for me. 

That scene where he is crying and regretting not saving more. Man. 

Life is beautiful

Studio Ghibli's Grave of the Fireflies. Starts slow but becomes a heartbreaking tale.

I have seen Forrest Gump maybe 8 times and cried every time

Y'all remember The Brave Little Toaster?

Big Fish

Apollo 13 always gets me, there's so much tension as they wait for radio contact at the end, and seeing the entire control room erupt in celebration is always touching in a way I can't explain.

Wall-E - The little "no....no, no, no"'s from Eve when she thinks he's blown up and when he doesn't know her and she freaks out. All the gross sobbing.

Wreck-It Ralph - When he destroys her car and she screaming for him to stop. Oh god, my heart strings.

Hachiko.

The Green Mile.

Every time.



Shawshank Redemption

What Dreams May Come

Pay it Forward. 

Bridge to Terabithia

Simon Birch 

I'm Sorrrrrryyyy -Simon's voice

Heartwrenching film

Eternal Sunshine of the spotless Mind. It goofily portrays a really touching and serious thing that everyone goes through.

Singing along with *Les Miserables* really does it for me. Some songs are just killers.

Good will hunting always makes me cry 

P.S. I Love You

I cry throughout the whole movie. It just doesn’t stop.

Marley and Me

Dear Zachary 

Toy Story 3

Spirited Away. That feeling of being away from home was so relatable to me as a kid who had just moved to a new country- made me bawl like a fucking baby when I first watched it.

If you've ever been in a serious relationship that fucked you up, Blue Valentine. It's one of my favorite movies, but it usually takes me half a bottle of bourbon to get through. 

Mary and Max. 

La Bamba is a movie guaranteed to make me cry. 

Never Let Me Go

I think Pixar's Up! has pretty much the record for fastest tearjerker ever.

Steel Magnolias. 

A Monster Calls. I just watched it the other day on Netflix, and fuck the ending tore my heart out.

[Whale rider](https://youtu.be/eSuBMJpPBBo)

Atonement.  Great film.  I've only watched it once, though, because I can't go through that pain again.

Interstellar.  Spoiler.....the part where they get back to the ship and 30 or so years have passed both there and back on earth, and they watch all the videos from their loved ones over the years.  It always gets me...such a sacrifice 

Inside Out got me good. 

Train to Busan

Didn't expect to be crying at the end of a zombie movie.

The Perks of Being a Wallflower is always a good one for me.

The Elephant Man or The Pianist.


The Book Thief 

The Bicentennial Man (the final scene)

Any movie that has a dog on the poster.

